{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green0\blue129;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15160\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 Flirt With Friends\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \'a0(APP &\'a0Responsive Website)\
\
Below is a brief description of how the App / Website should work : \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I love people who think out the box, If you have any ideas which you think would add value and make this an even better App / Website, then please share your ideas as i love creative people :)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The aim of this APP & Website is to allow Friends to Flirt with\'a0each other Anonymously across social networks. Plus you can only\'a0\'93 Flirt With Friends\'a0\'93 who are in your social network e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
If a user connects via Facebook Connect. The following information will need to be accessed >\
======
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flirt With Friends\'a0will receive the following info: your public profile, friend list, email address, relationships, birthday, hometown, interests and\'a0current city.\
======\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul HOME SCREEN
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Once the user has connected via their\'a0Facebook account, they will be prompted to create a New identity so that\'a0their friends\'a0won\'92t guess who they are when flirty. So they will be asked to change their \'93username\'94 and select either a default image from our image bank, or they can upload one from their gallery / computer. However, all original data obtained from their\'a0social account e.g. Real Username and Real Picture will be stored in our database for when members want to REVEAL\'a0themselves\'a0to members in the future.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- \'a0The user will need to set up their account with a fun \'91username\'92\'a0to\'a0disguise their 'real name\'92, plus they will need to change their profile picture for their profile page. Only once they have completed these two changes can they proceed to the rest of the app / website.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- The Home page will display all their friends from Facebook account in a tile layout. The user then has the option to click on which friend they would like to flirt with or rate. Or they can select a specific gender .e.g. toggle between\'a0\'91Males\'92,\'a0\'91Females\'92 or\'a0\'91All Friends'
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Icon at the top of the page to filter friends: male, female, age, location (nearby), interests\'a0
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Search box at the top of the page which will enable people to search for friends by name, location, interest (When you start typing in the search box you\'92ll be able to see pre populated results based on what you\'92re typing)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Friends profiles will be displayed in a tile format and will have their picture displayed. And on the same tile their rating e.g. 4 Stars rated by 346 users, followed by 4 other icons > Flirt > Rate > Message > Profile. If the user has already rated their friend then the\'a0\'93rate\'94 icon will\'a0disappear. If the user clicks the \'91Message\'92 icon the tile will \'91flip-over\'92 and become a messaging screen whereby people start typing their flirt messages. After they hit \'93send message\'94, the tile flips back over.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- When a friends profile tile is clicked, it will\'a0show a brief description of this friend (like a small reminder). e.g. who the are, where they live (basically data scrapped from\'a0their social network)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Top right of screen will be a message icon in the form of an envelope which can be clicked taking users to their message board
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Next to the message icon is a person icon in the form of a body which links the user to their profile page within the App / Website.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul FLIRT\'a0FUNCTIONS
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Note:
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 If you have joined the \'93Flirt With Friends\'94 APP / Website, and you start flirting with a friend who has not yet registered on the platform - Then a message will be sent to that person saying something like\'a0this >
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\'93 Hi Emma, One of your friends has joined the latest craze which lets\'a0Facebook\'a0friends flirt with each other\'a0Anonymously! And they have invited you to start flirting with them behind closed doors, right now! \'a0To read your flirty message or start\'a0firing with other friends\'a0\'93totally anonymously from your friend please login here. "\
\
Because we have asked people for permission to access their friend lists, this means we can send email invites to them because they have agreed to share this data. When sending flirt requests to friends who have not yet joined the site, obviously we do not want to disclose who sent the flirt request so we will need to send the invite request from a generic name like \'93FlirtWithFriends.com\'94 - From my understanding, if you allow Facebook access to your friends list, this then enables you to send a message directly to these people on Facebook, or alternatively direct to their email address on file? As long as people receiving the flirt invitation don\'92t know which friend it came from, all will be fine :) As i said, maybe just have all invites coming directly from the App / Website?\
\
- When the user clicks on a friends tile it will flip over and have the following information on display\'85
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- At the\'a0bottom of their friends tile will be 2 icons: Rate and Flirt.\'a0If the Rate button is clicked, the user can select from 1 to 5 stars. After they have chosen their star rating a message will prompt them, and ask if they wish to send the rating anonymously? The user can then chose either yes or no. This rating can only be done once per friend and when the user has rated the friend, the Rate button\'a0disappears.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- When the flirt button is clicked the message board will open and the tile will appear on this page with the chat box ready for flirting.\'a0Like messenger, the history of their chat will remain in their chat box until the user wishes to archive their message tiles.\'a0
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- The receiving user will receive a message tile on their message board from \'93Anonymous\'94 and they will in turn have the option to reply.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Whilst the user and friend are chatting, their chat box will\'a0remain open on their message board until they click on the Finish\'a0Flirting button. The tile will then simply flip back over to show the users friends profile picture.\'a0
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- All chat history will be saved for future conversations. Options of deleting history are available in the corner of each message tile where the settings icon can be clicked to\'a0show the following options e.g. Delete History,\'a0Archive flirt tile.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Next to the settings is an icon to\'a0minimise the chat box and then maximise it.\'a0
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul MESSAGE BOARD
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- On this page ALL messages will be displayed like the users friends profile tiles on the home page.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- ALL new message tiles will be highlighted in green (the boarder) with a message icon in the top right corner of the profile displaying the number of new messages received and not read. By highlighting the tile boarder it will make it visually easier for users to see what messages have been read or need replying to.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Once a message has been read and the user clicks close, the green highlighted boarder will disappear until a new message is received again.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- To reply to messages the user simply clicks on the friends profile picture.\'a0Once a message is clicked on, the tile will flip over and the chat can begin or continue from the last message sent.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Multiple message tiles can be flipped over at once to have multiple conversations.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul THE REVEAL
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Each user will remain anonymous until they wish to reveal themselves to the other person. Therefore each time the user clicks on a friend to start flirting with they will always remain Anonymous until they decide to reveal their true identity to their friend.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- On each friends (either on home page or message board) tile will be a \'93reveal\'94 icon and when this is clicked it will send a request to that person asking if they wish to remain Anonymous or reveal themselves.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- The receiving friend will have a Reveal question on their message box, and this will have to be answered with what they would like to do? either : Accept or Continue flirting - They will\'a0have to answer this question to proceed with further messages.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul THE USER PROFILE PAGE
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \

\b\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A users profile page will have the following:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- User Profile Image:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- User Rating:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Member since date:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Number of Reveals to friends:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Number of People they are currently flirting with:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- General Interests e.g. eating out, cinema, music
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Status Update (e.g. Member could write "Feeling Happy Today\'94). Limit status update to only 200 characters.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
General Interest and things they like can be pulled from the users Facebook page if it is on there. Alternatively, the user can add or edit this information on their profile page manually.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Members will also have the option to block or unblock other users messages etc.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Members will have user settings that will enable them to get push notifications of Messages or Rating sent via email or direct to mobile (switch on / off)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul ADMIN SECTION
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
I want to be able to control and edit every aspect of the site from the Admin Panel e.g.\
\
- Total Number Users
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Total Number of People Flirting with each other
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Total Number of Reviews
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Toal Number of Reveals
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Users not joined to site from FB
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Users pending joining the site\
- Web Stats e.g. number of unique visitors, referring data etc.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The ability to be able to control the following:
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Edit User Details
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Delete Users
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Block Users
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Reported Users
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Block IP\'92s
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Send Emails to all users or individually.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Site Configuration e.g. Title, meta title, meta description, meta keywords (SEO friendly)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
-\'a0Ability\'a0to add extra pages e.g. about us, FAQ\'92s, contact and so on...
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 USER CREDITS
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Note: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I want the ability to\'a0be-able\'a0to\'a0\'91ENABLE' or\'a0\'91DISABLE\'92\'a0the Credit function. For the first couple of months this feature will be DISABLED, then once the APP / Website gains traction i will enable the credit option to create a revenue stream.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Each new user upon signing up will be given a number of credits by default e.g. 500 credits, \'a0and these can be used on the App or \'a0website for the following purposes:
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- Rating a user (1 credit)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Sending a message (1 credit)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- Sending an image (5 credits)
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Each of these actions will cost a credit(s). When their credits run out they will have the option to purchase more. There will be a credit icon on their home screen for users to click and purchase more if required.\'a0
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
The cost of credits will be \'a30.69 per 1000 credits.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\
}